README.md, before:

Trellis Desk
============

What is Trellis Desk?
---------------------

Trellis Desk is a powerful and robust help desk solution for your business.
Improve your company's service by allowing your customers to quickly and easily
submit support tickets to your team.  Trellis Desk sports a range of advanced
features that enable your business to handle customer support more efficiently.
Plus, it's completely free – you'll never have to pay any license fees to use
Trellis Desk.


Status
------

Trellis Desk 2.0 is under heavy development and not recommended for a production
environment.  With the help of user contributions and the support of the
community, we hope to have a stable, documented release by the end of 2011.


Requirements
------------

* PHP 5.3
* MySQL 4.1
* GD2 + FreeType (for some CAPTCHA support)


Installation
------------

Trellis Desk 2.0 is in an early development stage.  We strongly recommend
against using Trellis Desk 2.0 in a production environment.  To install, simply
upload all files to your web server, point your browser to the *install*
directory, and follow the on-screen instructions.


Why Open Source?
----------------

To be completed.


Plan
--------

To be completed.


Contributing
------------

To be completed.

In all honesty, many will find the Trellis Desk 2.0 code unorganized.  Many of
the code originates from over two years ago before I (DJ Tarazona) had a deep
understanding of Object-Oriented Programming.  Each time I contribute to Trellis
Desk, I have a desire to reorganize the code into an MVC architecture.  At this
time, I feel that task may be better suited for (dare I say?) Trellis Desk 3.
However if anyone wants to take a whack at it -- be my guest!


I Need Help!
------------

Don't hesitate to check out our
[support forums](http://forums.accord5.com/forum/peer-to-peer-support)


Questions and Comments
----------------------

Feel free to check out our [website](http://accord5.com/) or
[forums](http://forums.accord5.com/).


License
-------

Trellis Desk is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Trellis Desk is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
[GNU General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt)
for more details.

Commit message:

Updated plan section of readme. Added even more annoying Eclipse directories to .gitignore.

README.md, after:

Trellis Desk
============

What is Trellis Desk?
---------------------

Trellis Desk is a powerful and robust help desk solution for your business.
Improve your company's service by allowing your customers to quickly and easily
submit support tickets to your team.  Trellis Desk sports a range of advanced
features that enable your business to handle customer support more efficiently.
Plus, it's completely free – you'll never have to pay any license fees to use
Trellis Desk.


Status
------

Trellis Desk 2.0 is under heavy development and not recommended for a production
environment.  With the help of user contributions and the support of the
community, we hope to have a stable, documented release by the end of 2011.


Requirements
------------

* PHP 5.3
* MySQL 4.1
* GD2 + FreeType (for some CAPTCHA support)


Installation
------------

Trellis Desk 2.0 is in an early development stage.  We strongly recommend
against using Trellis Desk 2.0 in a production environment.  To install, simply
upload all files to your web server, point your browser to the *install*
directory, and follow the on-screen instructions.


Why Open Source?
----------------

To be completed.


Plan
--------

Let's get the ACP (backend) as closed to finished as possible before working on
the frontend.  We're almost there!

The frontend needs a good amount of work.  It's using a lot of old code from
Trellis Desk 1.0.  Let's not worry about looks right now.  Focus on
functionality.  We'll skin it up all nice and pretty later.

### Notable ACP To-Dos

### Notable Frontend To-Dos
* User registration

Of course, head on over to the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/ACCORD5/TrellisDesk/issues) for more.


Contributing
------------

To be completed.

In all honesty, many will find the Trellis Desk 2.0 code unorganized.  Many of
the code originates from over two years ago before I (DJ Tarazona) had a deep
understanding of Object-Oriented Programming.  Each time I contribute to Trellis
Desk, I have a desire to reorganize the code into an MVC architecture.  At this
time, I feel that task may be better suited for (dare I say?) Trellis Desk 3.
However if anyone wants to take a whack at it -- be my guest!


I Need Help!
------------

Don't hesitate to check out our
[support forums](http://forums.accord5.com/forum/peer-to-peer-support).


Questions and Comments
----------------------

Feel free to check out our [website](http://accord5.com/) or
[forums](http://forums.accord5.com/).


License
-------

Trellis Desk is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Trellis Desk is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
[GNU General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt)
for more details.
